P8105 Final Project Proposal
================
11/6/2019

### The group members (names and UNIs)

Weiwei Qi: wq2151; Qimin Zhang: qz2392; Junxian Chen: jc5314; Xinyu
Shen: xs2384; Bingkun Luo: bl2789.

### The tentative project title

Analyses of the distribution and possible influence factors of motor
vehicle collisions/crashes in New York City (NYC)

### The motivation for this project

This dataset is generated based on the police report (MV104-AN) and the
records of Motor Vehicle Collision have been modified daily according to
NYPD since May, 7th, 2014. The “Collision” here includes the situation
where someone is injured or killed, or where there is at least $1000
worth of damage. The density of vehicles in NYC is larger compared to
other cities in the US and the safety of motor vehicle driving becomes
one of the most important topics for NYC citizens. Therefore, we would
like to reveal the distribution of motor vehicle accidents in NYC
located in different areas and use the factor CONTRIBUTING FACTOR 1 to 5
to predict the number of passing-bys that would be killed or injured.

### The intended final products

A website as well as a full report showing vehicle accident distribution
in each borough in NYC at different period.Also relationships between
incidences and multiple related factors.

### The anticipated data sources

### The planned analyses / visualizations / coding challenges

**Planned analyses:** Analyze the distributions of vehicle accident in
different boroughs in NYC. Analyze the associations between each vehicle
accident with reasons, times, locations, etc. Try to find out factor
importance for each variable.

**Planned visualizations:** Accident heat map indicating the location
and time of incidence happened in each area in NYC. Comparisons of
incidence rates in different boroughs.

**Challenges:** Is it possible to find a statistical model to make any
useful predictions?

### The planned timeline

  - Nov.7 - Nov. 14: Tidy the dataset, start doing the planned analyses.

  - Nov.14 - Nov. 21: Keep working on the analyses and start doing
    planned visualizations using the obtained results.

  - Nov.21 - Nov.28: Start making the website and writing the report.

  - Nov.28 - Dce.5: Finalize the report/website, finish making the
    screencast.

  - Dec. 5: Submission of the report/website/screencast.
